DOCS-5460 Update organizations overview to better explain orgs and org features (#876)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/components/organization/organization-switcher.mdx

  src="/docs/images/ui-components/component-org_switcher.svg"
/>

> The [`<OrganizationSwitcher />`][orgswitcher-ref] component allows a user to switch between their accounts - their personal account and their organization account(s). This component is useful for applications that have a multi-tenant architecture, where users can be part of multiple organizations.

Reviewer: > organization account(s)

Just want to make sure this is terminology we want - maybe something like `their personal account and their joined organizations` makes more sense?

Author: Sure! Let's update it

Author: ```suggestion
The [`<OrganizationSwitcher />`][orgswitcher-ref] component allows a user to switch between their accounts - their personal account and their joined organizations. This component is useful for applications that have a multi-tenant architecture, where users can be part of multiple organizations.
```
